                                         The Emperor's New Clothes by Hans Christian Andersen

Many years ago, there was an Emperor, who was so excessively fond of new clothes, that he
spent all his money in dress. He did not trouble himself in the least about his soldiers; nor did
he care to go either to the theatre or the chase, except for the opportunities then afforded him
for displaying his new clothes. He had a different suit for each hour of the day; and as of any
other king or emperor, one is accustomed to say, "he is sitting in council," it was always said of
him, "The Emperor is sitting in his wardrobe."

Time passed merrily in the large town which was his capital; strangers arrived every day at the
court. One day, two rogues, calling themselves weavers, made their appearance. They gave out
that they knew how to weave stuffs of the most beautiful colors and elaborate patterns, the
clothes manufactured from which should have the wonderful property of remaining invisible to
everyone who was unfit for the office he held, or who was extraordinarily simple in character.

"These must, indeed, be splendid clothes!" thought the Emperor. "Had I such a suit, I might at
once find out what men in my realms are unfit for their office, and also be able to distinguish
the wise from the foolish! This stuff must be woven for me immediately." And he caused large
sums of money to be given to both the weavers in order that they might begin their work
directly.

So the two pretended weavers set up two looms, and affected to work very busily, though in
reality they did nothing at all. They asked for the most delicate silk and the purest gold thread;
put both into their own knapsacks; and then continued their pretended work at the empty
looms until late at night.



**** อันสุดท้ายนะจ๊ะ mark ไว้ให้ อย่าลืมลบให้ด้วย****

"I am quite ready," answered the Emperor. "Do my new clothes fit well?" asked he, turning
himself round again before the looking glass, in order that he might appear to be examining his
handsome suit.
The lords of the bedchamber, who were to carry his Majesty's train felt about on the ground, as
if they were lifting up the ends of the mantle; and pretended to be carrying something; for they
would by no means betray anything like simplicity, or unfitness for their office.
So now the Emperor walked under his high canopy in the midst of the procession, through the
streets of his capital; and all the people standing by, and those at the windows, cried out, "Oh!
How beautiful are our Emperor's new clothes! What a magnificent train there is to the mantle;
and how gracefully the scarf hangs!" in short, no one would allow that he could not see these
much-admired clothes; because, in doing so, he would have declared himself either a simpleton
or unfit for his office. Certainly, none of the Emperor's various suits, had ever made so great an
impression, as these invisible ones.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"But the Emperor has nothing at all on!" said a little child.
"Listen to the voice of innocence!" exclaimed his father; and what the child had said was
whispered from one to another.
"But he has nothing at all on!" at last cried out all the people. The Emperor was vexed, for he
knew that the people were right; but he thought the procession must go on now! And the lords
of the bedchamber took greater pains than ever, to appear holding up a train, although, in
reality, there was no train to hold.
